in being comparatively modern.
produced the block books, which were the immediate predecessors of the true printed book,
the invention of movable metal letters in the middle of the fifteenth century may justly be considered as the invention of the art of printing.
And it is worth mention in passing that, as an example of fine typography,
the earliest book printed with movable types, the Gutenberg, or "forty-two line Bible" of about fourteen fifty-five,
has never been surpassed.
Printing, then, for our purpose, may be considered as the art of making books by means of movable types.
Now, as all books not primarily intended as picture-books consist principally of types composed to form letterpress,
it is of the first importance that the letter used should be fine in form;
especially as no more time is occupied, or cost incurred, in casting, setting, or printing beautiful letters
than in the same operations with ugly ones.
The Middle Ages brought calligraphy to perfection, and it was natural therefore
that the forms of printed letters should follow more or less closely those of the written character, and they followed them very closely.
The first books were printed in black letter, i.e. the letter which was a Gothic development of the ancient Roman character,
and which developed more completely and satisfactorily on the side of the "lower-case" than the capital letters;
the "lower-case" being in fact invented in the early Middle Ages.
The earliest book printed with movable type, the aforesaid Gutenberg Bible, is printed in letters which are an exact imitation
of the more formal ecclesiastical writing which obtained at that time; this has since been called "missal type,"
and was in fact the kind of letter used in the many splendid missals, psalters, etc., produced by printing in the fifteenth century.
But the first Bible actually dated (which also was printed at Maintz by Peter Schoeffer in the year fourteen sixty-two)
imitates a much freer hand, simpler, rounder, and less spiky, and therefore far pleasanter and easier to read.
On the whole the type of this book may be considered the ne-plus-ultra of Gothic type,
especially as regards the lower-case letters; and type very similar was used during the next fifteen or twenty years not only by Schoeffer,
but by printers in Strasburg, Basle, Paris, Lubeck, and other cities.
But though on the whole, except in Italy, Gothic letter was most often used
a very few years saw the birth of Roman character not only in Italy, but in Germany and France.
In fourteen sixty-five Sweynheim and Pannartz began printing in the monastery of Subiaco near Rome,
and used an exceedingly beautiful type, which is indeed to look at a transition between Gothic and Roman,
but which must certainly have come from the study of the twelfth or even the eleventh century MSS.
They printed very few books in this type, three only; but in their very first books in Rome, beginning with the year fourteen sixty-eight,
they discarded this for a more completely Roman and far less beautiful letter.
But about the same year Mentelin at Strasburg began to print in a type which is distinctly Roman;
and the next year Gunther Zeiner at Augsburg followed suit;
while in fourteen seventy at Paris Udalric Gering and his associates turned out the first books printed in France, also in Roman character.
The Roman type of all these printers is similar in character,
and is very simple and legible, and unaffectedly designed for use; but it is by no means without beauty.
It must be said that it is in no way like the transition type of Subiaco,
and though more Roman than that, yet scarcely more like the complete Roman type of the earliest printers of Rome.
A further development of the Roman letter took place at Venice.
John of Spires and his brother Vindelin, followed by Nicholas Jenson, began to print in that city,
fourteen sixty-nine, fourteen seventy;
their type is on the lines of the German and French rather than of the Roman printers.
Of Jenson it must be said that he carried the development of Roman type as far as it can go:
his letter is admirably clear and regular, but at least as beautiful as any other Roman type.
After his death in the "fourteen eighties," or at least by fourteen ninety, printing in Venice had declined very much;
and though the famous family of Aldus restored its technical excellence, rejecting battered letters,
and paying great attention to the "press work" or actual process of printing,
yet their type is artistically on a much lower level than Jenson's, and in fact
they must be considered to have ended the age of fine printing in Italy.
Jenson, however, had many contemporaries who used beautiful type,
some of which -- as, e.g., that of Jacobus Rubeus or Jacques le Rouge -- is scarcely distinguishable from his.
It was these great Venetian printers, together with their brethren of Rome, Milan,
Parma, and one or two other cities, who produced the splendid editions of the Classics, which are one of the great glories of the printer's art,
and are worthy representatives of the eager enthusiasm for the revived learning of that epoch. By far,
It must be understood that through the whole of the fifteenth and the first quarter of the sixteenth centuries
the Roman letter was used side by side with the Gothic.
Even in Italy most of the theological and law books were printed in Gothic letter,
which was generally more formally Gothic than the printing of the German workmen,
many of whose types, indeed, like that of the Subiaco works, are of a transitional character.
This was notably the case with the early works printed at Ulm, and in a somewhat lesser degree at Augsburg.
In fact Gunther Zeiner's first type (afterwards used by Schussler) is remarkably like the type of the before-mentioned Subiaco books.
In the Low Countries and Cologne, which were very fertile of printed books, Gothic was the favorite.
The characteristic Dutch type, as represented by the excellent printer Gerard Leew, is very pronounced and uncompromising Gothic.
This type was introduced into England by Wynkyn de Worde, Caxton's successor,
and was used there with very little variation all through the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, and indeed into the eighteenth.
Most of Caxton's own types are of an earlier character, though they also much resemble Flemish or Cologne letter.
After the end of the fifteenth century the degradation of printing, especially in Germany and Italy,
went on apace; and by the end of the sixteenth century there was no really beautiful printing done:
the best, mostly French or Low-Country, was neat and clear, but without any distinction;
the worst, which perhaps was the English, was a terrible falling-off from the work of the earlier presses;
and things got worse and worse through the whole of the seventeenth century, so that in the eighteenth printing was very miserably performed.
In England about this time, an attempt was made (notably by Caslon, who started business in London as a type-founder in seventeen twenty)
to improve the letter in form.
Caslon's type is clear and neat, and fairly well designed;
he seems to have taken the letter of the Elzevirs of the seventeenth century for his model:
type cast from his matrices is still in everyday use.
In spite, however, of his praiseworthy efforts, printing had still one last degradation to undergo.
The seventeenth century founts were bad rather negatively than positively.
But for the beauty of the earlier work they might have seemed tolerable.
It was reserved for the founders of the later eighteenth century to produce letters which are positively ugly, and which, it may be added,
are dazzling and unpleasant to the eye owing to the clumsy thickening and vulgar thinning of the lines:
for the seventeenth-century letters are at least pure and simple in line. The Italian, Bodoni, and the Frenchman, Didot,
were the leaders in this luckless change, though our own Baskerville, who was at work some years before them, went much on the same lines;
but his letters, though uninteresting and poor, are not nearly so gross and vulgar as those of either the Italian or the Frenchman.
With this change the art of printing touched bottom,
so far as fine printing is concerned, though paper did not get to its worst till about eighteen forty.
The Chiswick press in eighteen forty-four revived Caslon's founts, printing for Messrs. Longman the Diary of Lady Willoughby.
This experiment was so far successful that about eighteen fifty Messrs. Miller and Richard of Edinburgh
were induced to cut punches for a series of "old style" letters.
These and similar founts, cast by the above firm and others,
a little reduced in ugliness. The design of the letters of this modern "old style" leaves a good deal to be desired,
and the whole effect is a little too gray, owing to the thinness of the letters.
It must be remembered, however, that most modern printing is done by machinery on soft paper, and not by the hand press,
and these somewhat wiry letters are suitable for the machine process, which would not do justice to letters of more generous design.
It is discouraging to note that the improvement of the last fifty years is almost wholly confined to Great Britain.
Here and there a book is printed in France or Germany with some pretension to good taste,
but the general revival of the old forms has made no way in those countries.
Italy is contentedly stagnant.
America has produced a good many showy books, the typography, paper, and illustrations of which are, however, all wrong,
oddity rather than rational beauty and meaning being apparently the thing sought for both in the letters and the illustrations.
a
b
c
H
I
J
K
L
22222222 hello 22222222
S D S D Pass zero - zero Fail - zero to zero - zero - zero Cancelled - fifty nine to three - two sixty four Total - fifty nine to three - two
S D S D Pass - zero - zero - zero - zero Fail - zero - zero - zero - zero Cancelled - four hundred and sixteen - seventy six
zero - one - one - two Cancelled - zero - zero - zero - zero Total - two hundred and eighty six nineteen - seven
forty one to five three hundred and eleven Fail - one - one to zero two Cancelled - zero - zero to zero zero Total
zero zero one , MS03 - zero twenty five , MS03 - zero thirty two , MS03 - zero thirty nine 
1b204928 zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero one seven ole32
zero zero zero zero zero zero zero zero two seven nine eight F three forty zero zero zero zero zero six four two eight zero one eight
c five eight zero three three nine a zero bf eight FALSE zero zero zero bba3add2 - c229 - 4cdb 
Calendaring agent failed with error code 0x80070005 while saving appointment .
Exit process - break ld - Load module - output ud - Unload module - ignore ser - System error ignore ibp - Initial breakpoint
Common DB connectors include the DB - nine , DB - fifteen , DB - nineteen , DB - twenty five , DB - thirty seven , and DB - fifty connectors .
To deliver interfaces that are significantly better suited to create and process RFC eight twenty one , RFC eight twenty two , RFC nine seventy seven , and MIME content .
int1 , int2 , int3 , int4 , int5 , int6 , int7 , int8 , int9 ,
seven _ ctl00 ctl04 ctl01 ctl00 ctl00
Http0XX , Http1XX , Http2XX , Http3XX , # 039
config file must contain A , B , C , D , E , F , and G .
mondo - debug mondo - ship motif - debug motif - ship sts - debug sts - ship Comparing local files to checkpoint files ...
Rusbvts . dll Dsaccessbvts . dll Exchmembvt. dll Draino . dll Im trying to deploy a new topology , and I keep getting this error . 
You can call me directly at four two five seven zero three seven three four four or my cell four two five four four four seven four seven four or send me a meeting request with all the appropriate information .
Failed zero point zero zero percent < one zero zero one zero zero zero zero Internal . Exchange . ContentFilter . BVT ContentFilter . BVT_log . xml Error ! Filename not specified .
C colon backslash o one two f c p a r t y backslash d e v one two backslash oasys backslash legacy backslash web backslash HELP
src backslash mapi backslash t n e f d e c dot c dot o l d backslash backslash m o z a r t f one backslash e x five
copy backslash backslash j o h n f a n four backslash scratch backslash M i c r o s o f t dot S h a r e P o i n t dot
Take a look at h t t p colon slash slash w w w dot granite dot a b dot c a slash access slash email dot
backslash bin backslash premium backslash forms backslash r e g i o n a l o p t i o n s dot a s p x dot c s Raj , DJ ,
Anuraag backslash backslash r a d u r five backslash d e b u g dot one eight zero nine underscore P R two h dot s t s contains
p l a t f o r m right bracket backslash left bracket f l a v o r right bracket backslash s e t u p dot e x e
backslash x eight six backslash Ship backslash zero backslash A d d r e s s B o o k dot C o n t a c t s A d d r e s
Mine is here backslash backslash g a b e h a l l hyphen m o t h r a backslash S v r underscore O f f i c e s v r
h t t p colon slash slash teams slash sites slash T A G slash default dot aspx As always , any feedback , comments ,
two thousand and five h t t p colon slash slash news dot com dot com slash i slash n e slash f d slash two zero zero three slash f d
backslash i n t e r n a l dot e x c h a n g e dot m a n a g e m e n t dot s y s t e m m a n a g e
I think Richfis post highlights that we could have been more strategic about how the sum total of XBOX three hundred and sixtys were distributed .
64X64 , 8K , one hundred and eighty four ASSEMBLY , DIGITAL VIDEO DISK DRIVE , INTERNAL , 8X ,
So we are back to Extended MAPI and C++ because . Extended MAPI does not have a dual interface VB or VB . Net can read .
Thanks , Borge Trongmo Hi gurus , Could you help us E2K ASP guys with the following issue ?
Thanks J RGR Are you using the LDDM driver for this system or the in the build XDDM driver ?
Btw , you might remember me from our discussion about OWA automation and OWA readiness day a year ago .
empidtool . exe creates HKEY_CURRENT_USER Software Microsoft Office Common QMPersNum in the registry , queries AD , and the populate the registry with MS employment ID if available else an error code is logged .
Thursday, via a joint press release and Microsoft AI Blog, we will announce Microsoftfis continued partnership with Shell leveraging cloud, AI, and collaboration technology to drive industry innovation and transformation.
Actress Fan Bingbing attends the screening of fiAsh Is Purest White (Jiang Hu Er Nv)fi during the 71st annual Cannes Film Festival
Fake friends never betray in front of you. They always do it behind you.
Actually I wanted to say on that day,Shall we never get apart,OK?
god helps those who help themselves.
Without you, my life don't know how to describe.
First I need your hand ,then forever can begin.
Forget others&#39; faults by remembering your own.
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times. - Albus Dumbledore.
Don't judge someone's past, when you haven't walked their journey!
Fading is true while flowering is past.
Fallen into the trap,for you are too greedy,it's not because of others cunning.
all or nothing, now or never .
great hopes make great man.
We are all too young, a lot of things don't yet know, don't put the.
Honestly, if you are not willing to sound stupid, you don't deserve to be in love.
Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll need them on your way down.
Good things come to those who smile. Have you smile today? Keep smiling.
from small beginning come great things.
I love waking up and seeing text messages on my phone.
Gentle to have, but not compromise, I want to be in quiet, not stron.
Grow old along with me, the best is yet to be.
Before finding the right people, the only need to do is to make yourself good enough.
You have no wrong, I am not wrong just a gust of wind, blew the comm.
Don't let the past steal your present.
A person who truly loves you will never let you go, no matter how hard the situation is.
Don't wait to be lonely, to recognize the value of a friend.
Adversity does teach who your real friends are.
For short, do not remember every detail, every mood. How can I believe that there is still pure love in this world?
Give so much time to improving yourself that you won't have time to criticize others.
Everytime you come to mind, I realize I'm smiling.
Scientists at the CERN laboratory say they have discovered a new particle.
There\'s a way to measure the acute emotional intelligence that has never gone out of style.
President Trump met with other leaders at the Group of 20 conference.
The Senate\'s bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act is now imperiled.
Generative adversarial network or variational auto-encoder.
Basilar membrane and otolaryngology are not auto-correlations.
He has read the whole thing.
He reads books.
He thought it was time to present the present.
Thisss isrealy awhsome.
The big brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Did the big brown fox jump over the lazy dog?
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. How many pickled peppers did Peter Piper pick?
She sells sea-shells on the sea-shore. The shells she sells are sea-shells I'm sure.
Tajima Airport serves Toyooka.
On offering to help the blind man, the man who then stole his car, had not, at that precise moment, had any evil intention, quite the contrary, what he did was nothing more than obey those feelings of generosity and altruism which, as everyone knows, 	are the two best traits of human nature and to be found in much more hardened criminals than this one, a simple car-thief without any hope of advancing in his profession, exploited by the real owners of this enterprise, for it is they who take advantage of the needs of the poor.